Restructure guide "singing txs offline" - Closes #1315 (#1330)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/guides/app-development/decoding-transactions-blocks.adoc

};
----

== Decoding & encoding blocks and their included transactions

> The following script to decodes & encodes a block by a given ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following script shows how to decode & encode a block by a given ID.
```

node getBlockById.js 52303f33684f5ffae4d307747db36d86bde6e14d76958e197cb82eeab5ca6f92
----

> The decoded block JSON will look similar to this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The decoded block JSON will look similar to the following, as shown below:
```

node getTxById.js 130227fa63ac60edbbacb6dae709cf9304ab0181ef7ea28105764f6240d012f2
----

> The decoded transaction JSON will look similar to this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The decoded transaction JSON will look similar to the following, as shown below:
```
